malinovka lected music for piano and
orchestra pretty much spans his entire
compositional career from the youthful
first concerto the original version of
which was written his only nineteen to
the rhapsody on a theme of paganini of
1934 all five works were written for
himself to perform his long concert
tours weren't in more money than his
composition the second and third
concerto is written by a mature
Rachmaninoff when he was still living in
his beloved Russia or the romantic piano
concertos last hurrah epic sweeping
works and tremendously difficult to play
particularly the enormous third they pay
great testament to rank man in Los own
virtuosity as well as his enormous hand
span apparently he stood at six foot six
inches tall and had hands made to
measure and could reach a musical
interval McCann over 13 that's two notes
twelve inches apart
by the time with the fourth concerto and
the Paganini raps team ranked man on
offer left masha behind was living in
the USA despite seemingly clinging to
his rather old-fashioned romantic
language his style had divert his now
spare leave even more jazzier Bank
member lock was a big fan of the Paul
Whiteman band and have been at the
premiere of george gershwin's iconic
rhapsody in blue his own maps do the
Paganini maps too though still contains
a wonderful late flowering burst of
Romanticism without famous melody in the
eighteenth variation and the piece ends
brilliantly with one of the most
audacious cadences in the history of
music
you